must be on the 100kK-out Tor the possibile occurrence

of atypical clinical manifestations to avoid the
possibility of missed diagnosis. The early
transmission ability of SARS-CoV-2 was found to be
similar to or slightly higher than that of SARS-CoV,
reflecting that it could be controlled despite
moderate to high transmissibility (84).

Increasing reports of SARS-CoV-2 in sewage and
wastewater warrants the need for further
investigation due to the possibility of fecal-oral
transmission. SARS-CoV-2 present in environmental
compartments such as soil and water will finally end
up in the wastewater and sewage sludge of treatment
plants (328). Therefore, we have to reevaluate the
current wastewater and sewage sludge treatment
procedures and introduce advanced techniques that
are specific and effective against SARS-CoV-2.
Since there is active shedding of SARS-CoV-2 in the
stool, the prevalence of infections in a large
population can be studied using wastewater-based
epidemiology. Recently, reverse  transcription-
quantitative PCR (RI-qPCR) was used to enumerate
the copies of SARS-CoV-2 RNA concentrated from
wastewater collected from a wastewater treatment
plant (327). The calculated viral RNA copy numbers

determine the number of infected individuals. The
