respiratory syncytial virus, rhinovirus, human
metapneumovirus and SARS coronavirus. It is
advisable to distinguish COVID-19 from other
pneumonias such as mycoplasma pneumonia,
chlamydia pneumonia and bacterial
pneumonia.°° Several published pieces of
literature based on the novel coronavirus

reported in China declared that stool and blood
samples can also collected from the suspected
persons in order to detect the virus. However,
respiratory samples show better viability in
identifying the virus, in comparison with the
other specimens.

6.2 Nucleic acid amplification tests
(NAAT) for COVID-19 virus

The gold standard method of confirming the
suspected cases of COVID-19 is carried out by
detecting the unique sequences of virus RNA
through reverse transcription polymerase chain
reaction (RT-PCR) along with nucleic acid
sequencing if needed. The various genes of
virus identified so far include N, E, S (N:
nucleocapsid protein, E: envelope protein gene,
S: spike protein gene) and RdRP genes (RNA-
dependent RNA polymerase gene).
