ribavirin, penciclovir, nitazoxanide, nafamostat, and

chloroquine, tested in comparison to remdesivir and
favipiravir (broad-spectrum antiviral drugs) revealed
remdesivir and chloroquine to be highly effective
against SARS-CoV-2 infection in vitro (194).
Ribavirin, penciclovir, and favipiravir might not
possess noteworthy in vivo antiviral actions for
SARS-CoV-2, since higher concentrations of these
nucleoside analogs are needed in vitro to lessen the
viral infection. Both remdesivir and chloroquine are
being used in humans to treat other diseases, and
such safer drugs can be explored for assessing their
effectiveness in COVID-19 patients.

Several therapeutic agents, such as
lopinavir/ritonavir, chloroquine, and
hydroxychloroquine, have been proposed for the
clinical management of COVID-19 (299). A
molecular docking study, conducted in the RNA-
dependent RNA polymerase (RdRp) of SARS-CoV-2
using different commercially available
antipolymerase drugs, identified that drugs such as
ribavirin, remdesivir, galidesivir, tenofovir, and
sofosbuvir bind RdRp tightly, indicating their vast
potential to be used against COVID-19 (305). A
broad-spectrum antiviral drug that was developed in

the United States, tilorone dihydrochloride (tilorone),
