coronavirus results in an epidemic by jumping the

so-called species barrier (287).

The host spectrum of coronavirus increased when
a novel coronavirus, namely, SW1, was recognized
in the liver tissue of a captive beluga whale
(Delphinapterus leucas) (138). In recent decades,
several novel coronaviruses were identified from
different animal species. Bats can harbor these
viruses without manifesting any clinical disease but
are persistently infected (30). They are the only
mammals with the capacity for self-powered flight,
which enables them to migrate long distances, unlike
land mammals. Bats are distributed worldwide and
also account for about a fifth of all mammalian
species (6). This makes them the ideal reservoir host
for many viral agents and also the source of novel
coronaviruses that have yet to be identified. It has
become a necessity to study the diversity of
coronavirus in the bat population to prevent future
outbreaks that could jeopardize livestock and public
health. The repeated outbreaks caused by bat-origin
coronaviruses calls for the development of efficient
molecular surveillance strategies for studying

Betacoronavirus among animals (12), especially in
the Rhinolophus bat family (86). Chinese bats have
high commercial value, since they are used in
