virus (354). RI-LAMP serves as a simple, rapid, and

sensitive diagnostic method that does not require
sophisticated equipment or skilled personnel (349).
An interactive web-based dashboard for tracking
SARS-CoV-2 in a real-time mode has been designed
(238). A smartphone-integrated home-based point-
of-care testing (POCT) tool, a paper-based POCT
combined with LAMP, is a useful point-of-care
diagnostic (353). An Abbott ID Now COVID-19
molecular POCT-based test, using isothermal nucleic
acid amplification technology, has been designed as
a point-of-care test for very rapid detection of
SARS-CoV-2 in just 5 min (344). A CRISPR-based
SHERLOCK (specific high-sensitivity enzymatic
reporter unlocking) diagnostic for rapid detection of
SARS-CoV-2 without the requirement of specialized
instrumentation has been reported to be very useful
in the clinical diagnosis of COVID-19 (360). A
CRISPR-Cas12-based lateral flow assay also has
been developed for rapid detection of SARS-CoV-2
(346). Artificial intelligence, by means of a three-
dimensional deep-learning model, has _ been
developed for sensitive and specific diagnosis of
COVID-19 via CT images (332).

Tracking and mapping of the rising incidence
outbreaks, _community _ spread

rates, disease
