S protein-based vaccine development in SARS-CoV
will help to identify potential S protein vaccine
candidates in SARS-CoV-2. Therefore, vaccine
strategies based on the whole S protein, S protein
subunits, or specific potential epitopes of S protein
appear to be the most promising vaccine candidates
against coronaviruses. The RBD of the S1 subunit of
S protein has a superior capacity to induce
neutralizing antibodies. This property of the RBD
can be utilized for designing potential SARS-CoV
vaccines either by using RBD-containing
recombinant proteins or recombinant vectors that
encode RBD (175). Hence, the superior genetic
similarity existing between SARS-CoV-2 and SARS-
CoV can be utilized to repurpose vaccines that have
proven in vitro efficacy against SARS-CoV to be
utilized for SARS-CoV-2. The possibility of cross-
protection in COVID-19 was evaluated by
comparing the S protein sequences of SARS-CoV-2
with that of SARS-CoV. The comparative analysis
confirmed that the variable residues were found
concentrated on the S1 subunit of S protein, an
important vaccine target of the virus (150). Hence,
the possibility of SARS-CoV-specific neutralizing
antibodies providing cross-protection to COVID-19
might be lower. Further genetic analysis is required